my name is Rene and welcome to proudly
Indian cooking
first you add four cups of baking flour
to a mixing bowl then you add one and a
half teaspoon of salt then you add 1/2
cup of oil
and one tablespoon of butter
add a little bit of boiling water at a
time as you are mixing until it forms a
soft dough note water must be boiling
water
once your door is nice and soft
remove it from your mixing bowl and add
it onto a table add a little flour unto
your working surface to prevent the
dough from sticking to your table now
roll your dough out into a sheet add
some flour
once your dough is rolled out into
sheets add a little butter and a little
flour to your dough and roll it all in
together
now once your dough is rolled out pinch
out small pieces and roll them into
small balls now using a rolling pin
flatten your small pieces of dough into
rotis
place your chin to a flat frying pan
ensuring each side cooks for plus/minus
30 seconds
now we have added butter to one side of
the roti but this is optional
so let's demonstrate just one more Rorty
this mixture makes two dozen rotis
we're rolling out your ot
ensure that you roll it as thin as
possible because if the Rajee is too
thick then it gets too hard overnight
with the roti that we've made you can
keep it in the fridge or freezer and
once reheated it's still a soft
so if you try this recipe Alex be sure
to send us your feedback on our website
at proudly Indians Co today we would
love to hear from you